Last Will and Testament of [Person-1] I, [Person-1], domiciled in Memphis, Tennessee, do make, publish and declare this to be my Last Will and Testament, hereby revoking all wills and codicils heretofore made by me. I. PAYMENT OF DEBTS AND TAXES I direct that all my just debts, funeral expenses, expenses of my last illness, and any inheritance or estate taxes that may be imposed by reason of my death, be paid out of my residuary estate without proration among my several beneficiaries. II. BEQUEST OF TANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY I bequeath to my wife, [Person-2], in fee, all clothing, household goods, personal effects, and all other tangible personal property, not otherwise specifically bequeathed, owned by me at the time of my death. III. DEVISES I hereby devise my farm located in Ripley, Tennessee, consisting of approximately 58-60 acres, to my wife, [Person-2], in fee, if she should be living at the time of my death. If my wife should not be living at my death, then in such event, I devise my said farm to my daughter, [Person-3]. It is my hope and desire that this property remain in my family and not be sold. IV. RESIDUARY ESTATE All the rest, residue and remainder of the property which I may own at the time of my death, real, personal, and mixed, tangible and intangible, of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated, including all property which I may acquire or become entitled to after the execution of this will, including all lapsed legacies and devises, and all life insurance payable to my estate, bequeath and devise in fee to my wife, [Person-2]. If my said wife, [Person-2], should not survive me, then I bequeath and devise the remainder of said property in my estate in fee and in equal shares to my two daughters, [Person-3] and [Person-4]. If either of my said daughters should not be living at my death, then and in such event I bequeath and devise the interest which my deceased daughter would have received, per stirpes, and in fee, unto her issue who shall be living at my death. VI. POWERS OF EXECUTOR I authorize my Executor, in the exercise of a reasonable discretion with respect to all property, real and personal, at any time forming a part of my estate, to exercise any and all of the powers set forth in T.C.A. §35-50-110 and §35-3-117 to the extent applicable, (unless expressly forbidden hereinabove by this Last Will and Testament) all of which provisions and powers are incorporated herein by reference as fully as if copied herein verbatim. These powers are granted, notwithstanding that said Statutes may be amended hereafter or repealed at the time of my death. VII. APPOINTMENT OF EXECUTOR I appoint my wife, [Person-2], as the Executrix of this my Last Will and Testament. (All references to Executor apply equally to Executrix). If and in the event she should fail or cease to serve in said capacity, then I appoint my daughter, [Person-3], to serve as said Executrix of my estate; I direct that no bond nor security be required of either of the above named fiduciaries for the faithful performance of their duties. VII. DISCLAIMER OF CONTRACT WITH SPOUSE Although my wife and I are executing our Wills at or about the same time with substantially similar dispositive provisions, I wish to make it clear that we have not entered into any contract regarding the disposition of our respective estates, and that each amend, or revoke our respective Wills. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 14th day of March, 1990, and do publish and declare this as my Last Will and Testament in the presence of each and all of the subscribing witnesses whom I have requested to act as such by signing their names as attesting witnesses in my presence and in the presence of each other and by signing the Affidavit below pursuant to the provisions of T.C.A. §32-2-110. 