LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT STATE OF TENNESSEE COUNTY OF LAUDERDALE KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: I, [Person-1], [Number-1], a citizen and resident of Lauderdale County, Tennessee, being of sound mind and disposing memory, do hereby make and publish and declare this as my Last Will and Testament. I hereby expressly revoke all former wills and codicils by me at any time heretofore made. I direct my Executrix hereinafter named to pay all my just debts and funeral expenses as soon after my death as is convenient. I hereby give, devise and bequeath all of my property, real, personal or mixed, to [Person-2], if living at the time of my death. If [Person-2] predeceases me, then I hereby give, devise and bequeath all of my property, real, personal or mixed to her two children, [Person-3], and [Person-4], in fee simple as tenants in common. If [Person-2] predeceases me, and if at the time of my death her two children are minors, then I direct that [Person-5] be appointed Trustee of all property bequeathed, given and devised to said children. That property be held in trust by him and managed and used solely for the benefit of said children. I have a farm on the Curve Central Road in Lauderdale County, Tennessee, by deeds recorded in Book 101, page 110, and Book 30, page 141. It is my direction that this property can not be mortgaged or sold. If at my death [Person-2] and [Person-5] are both deceased, then I request the Court appoint a Trustee to manage the property for these children, but specifically direct that the Trustee not be a step father or step mother. I direct that any Trustee make periodic accountings to the Court, and that the Trust be Court supervised. I hereby appoint [Person-2] as Executrix of my estate, to be allowed to serve as such without making bond, to serve as such without making inventory of my estate or filing inventory of my estate with any Court, or making settlement with any Court. In Testimony Whereof, I have hereunto subscribed my name and signature this the 30th day of December. 1987. The foregoing instrument consisting of one page was on this 30th day of December, 1987, signed and subscribed by the said [Person-1], as and for her Last Will and Testament, in the presence of us and each of us, the undersigned, who, at the request of and in the sight of and presence of her, and in the presence of each other, have subscribed our names as attesting witnesses, the day and date above written. 