Last Will and Testament of [Person-1] 1. My name is [Person-1] of Halls, Lauderdale County, Tennessee, and this is my Last Will; I revoke any prior testamentary instruments. 2. I have two children, who are [Person-2] and [Person-3]. I lovingly remember my son but make no provision for him in this Will. 3. After debts, costs, and expenses, I devise my entire estate to [Person-2] and appoint her Executrix, waiving bond, inventory, accounting, and settlement. 4. I authorize my Executrix, in the exercise of a reasonable discretion with respect to all property, real and personal, at any time forming part of my estate or any trust, to exercise any or all powers set forth in Section 3 of Chapter 110 of the Tennessee General Assembly of 1963, T.C.A. §35-50-110, to the extent applicable, all of which provisions and powers are incorporated herein by reference as fully as if copied herein verbatim. These powers (as set out in said statute on the date of the execution of this will) are granted, notwithstanding that said statute may be amended hereafter or repealed at the time of my death. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto executed this my Last Will in the presence of the two attesting witnesses, this September 14, 2001. [Person-1] ATTESTATION CLAUSE AND AFFIDAVIT STATE OF TENNESSEE COUNTY OF DYER We, the undersigned, being first duly sworn, make oath that [Person-1], on the day and date above written, declared and signified to us that the foregoing instrument was her Last Will and Testament, and that she thereupon signed the same in our sight and presence; that we, at her request and in her presence, and in the sight and presence of each other, then subscribed our names as attesting witnesses; that the time of execution the Testatrix was more than eighteen (18) years of age, of sound mind and disposing memory, and did not appear under any undue influence; and that the undersigned, each being more than eighteen (18) years of age, make and sign this Affidavit at the request of the Testatrix, on the day and year below written. SWORN TO before me this September 14, 2001. NOTARY PUBLIC My Commission expires: 6/19/06 