LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT: STATE OF TENNESSEE COUNTY OF LAUDERDALE KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That I: [Person-1] being of sound mind and disposing memory, do hereby make and publish this my Last Will and Testament, hereby revoking all other wills heretofore by me made. I. I nominate and appoint my grandson, [Person-2], as Executor of this my Last Will and Testament, and request that the Court pennit him to serve without bond, and that he be relieved of the necessity of filing an inventory, settlement, or any other accounting at any time in any Court. I direct that he pay all of my just debts, funeral expenses and death taxes out of the assets of my estate as soon as practicable. In the event that my grandson, becomes incapacitated refuses to serve or is deceased, I hereby nominate and appoint my daughter, [Person-3], as Substitute Executrix of my estate to serve without bond, and request that she be relieved of the necessity of filing an inventory, settlement, or any other accounting at any time in any Court. II. I hereby will, devise and bequeath all of my property, both real and personal, tangible and intangible, of every nature and wheresoever situated, to my grandson, [Person-2], to do with as he sees fit. III. If my grandson, [Person-2], predeceases me, or if we should die at the same time, then I will, devise and bequeath one-half of my property both real and personal, tangible and intangible, of every nature and wheresoever situated to my daughter, [Person-3], and the other half of my property both real and personal, tangible and intangible, of every nature and wheresoever situated to [Person-4], my grandson, who resides in Florida and [Person-5], my granddaughter who resides in Lauderdale County, Tennessee to be divided equally between them. WITNESS my hand this 12th day of March 2001. Signed by the said [Person-1] as and for her Last Will and Testament in the presence of us, the undersigned, who at his request and in her presence and in the presence of each other have hereto signed our names as attesting witnesses the day and year written above. 