LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF [Person-1] I, [Person-1], of Crossville, Cumberland County, Tennessee, do hereby make, publish and declare this to be my Last Will and Testament. ARTICLE I I hereby expressly revoke and cancel any and all other Wills, Codicils and/or testamentary dispositions heretofore made by me. ARTICLE II I hereby expressly direct that my just debts, including expenses of my last illness and funeral expenses and the expenses of the administration of my estate, be paid by my personal representative as soon after my death as practicable. ARTICLE III Some of my furniture, household goods, jewelry, and personal effects should be distributed in accordance with the provisions of a certain Memorandum written entirely in my handwriting and signed by me, which will be found with this Will. If for any reason that Memorandum is not found and properly identified as such by my Executor within thirty (30) days after the probate of my Will, then all of the aforesaid property shall become part of my residuary estate hereinafter disposed of. ARTICLE IV Subject to the provisions in Article III, I give, devise and bequeath all of my property, be it real, personal or mixed, of whatever nature and wheresoever situated, which I may own or have the right to dispose of, to my husband, [Person-2], absolutely, for his sole use and benefit. ARTICLE V If my husband, [Person-2], fails to survive me, then and in that event, I give, devise and bequeath my entire estate, real, personal, or mixed, of whatever nature and wheresoever situated, equally, per stirpes to: 1. [Person-3] (son); 2. [Person-4] (grandson); 3. [Person-5] (husband's daughter). I remember my husband's daughter [Person-6], but I consciously choose to leave her nothing herein. ARTICLE VI I nominate, constitute and appoint my son, [Person-3] as Executor of my Last Will and Testament. If my son should not qualify or complete the administration of my estate, I appoint [Person-4], my grandson, as Alternate Executor of this my Last Will and Testament. In the event the law in the state wherein this Last Will and Testament is offered for probate requires that a resident of that state serve with my named Alternate Executor and my named Alternate Executor is not a resident of that state, then and in that event, I leave the choice of the person to serve with my named Alternate Executor in his sole and exclusive discretion. I specifically excuse my named Executor or Alternate Executor, or any person whom he may choose to serve with him, from the necessity of filing any bond, inventory or accounting in this or any other jurisdiction. I specifically give my named Executor, Alternate Executor, or any person whom he may choose to serve with him, full power, in his sole discretion, to do all things necessary for the complete administration of my estate, including but not limited to, the power to sell at public or private sale, and without the order of any Court, any real or personal property belonging to my estate, as well as to mortgage, lease, or give a security interest therein, and to compound, compromise and otherwise to settle or adjust any and all claims, charges, debts and demands, whatsoever, against or in favor of my estate, as fully as I could do if living. I specifically grant to my Executor, Alternate Executor, or any other person whom he may choose to serve with him, the power to execute bills of sale and deeds of conveyance, if necessary. I specifically authorize my Executor, Alternate Executor, or any person whom he may choose to serve with him, in the exercise of reasonable discretion, with respect to all property, real, personal or mixed, at any time forming part of my estate, to exercise any and all powers set forth at Tennessee Code Annotated, §35-50-110, to the extent applicable, all of which provisions and powers are incorporated herein by reference as if fully copied herein verbatim. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name to my Last Will and Testament, consisting of this and two (2) preceding typewritten pages, and for the purpose of identification I have initialed each such page, all in the presence of the persons witnessing this, my Last Will and Testament, at my request, this the 22 day of Oct, 2001 The foregoing instrument, consisting of this and Three (3) preceding typewritten pages, was signed and declared by [Person-1], the Testatrix, to be her Last Will and Testament, in our presence, and we, at her request and in her presence and in the presence of each other, have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses on this the 22nd day of October, 2001 Crossville, Tennessee.