LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT STATE OF TENNESSEE LAUDERDALE COUNTY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: I, [Person-1], a citizen and resident of Tennessee, being of sound mind and disposing memory, do hereby make, publish and declare this as my Last Will and Testament. I hereby expressly revoke all former wills and codicils by me at any time heretofore made. I direct my Executor, hereinafter named, to pay all my just debts and funeral expenses as soon after my death as is convenient. I hereby give, devise and bequeath all of my property real, personal or mixed, to my husband, [Person-2]. If my husband and I should die simultaneously, or my husband predecease me, all my property, real, personal or mixed, I give, devise and bequeath to my two children, [Person-3], and [Person-4], equally, share and share alike. If either or both of my children are under age 21 at the time of our death, I direct that [Person-5] be appointed Trustee and Guardian of all property bequeathed, given and devised to my children, that said property be held in trusts established by him for each child, and managed and used solely for the benefit of my children. I direct that my Trustee pay to or on behalf of my children so much of the income and principal in such trusts as my Trustee in his sole and absolute discretion may determine is necessary for health, education and welfare or other needs of my children. I incorporate by reference, as fully as if copied verbatim, all the provisions and powers set forth in Tennessee Code Annotated Section 35-50-110, which section enumerates the administrative powers that I hereby confer upon my Executor and my Trustee. All the rest, residue and remainder of my property, I hereby give, devise and bequeath to my husband, [Person-2]. I appoint my husband, [Person-2], as Executor of my estate, (or in the alternative should my husband not be able to served, I appoint [Person-5]) to be allowed to serve as such without making bond, with full powers to sell and convey any of my property, to serve as such without making inventory of my estate or filing inventory of my estate with any Court, or making settlement with any Court In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto subscribed my name and signature, this the 10th day of April, 1996. The foregoing instrument consisting of two pages was on this the 10th day of April, 1996, signed and subscribed by the said [Person-1], as and for her Last Will and Testament, in the presence of us and each of us, the undersigned, who, at the request of and in the sight of and presence of us and in the presence of each other, have subscribed our names as attesting witness the day and date above indicated. 