LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF [Person-1] I, [Person-1], [Number-1], an adult resident citizen of Lauderdale County, Tennessee, being of sound and disposing mind, memory and understanding, do hereby make, publish and declare this instrument to be my Last Will and Testament, and I hereby revoke any and all testamentary dispositions heretofore made by me. I I hereby name, nominate and appoint [Person-2], [Person-3] and [Person-4], as Co-Executors of this my Last Will and Estate. I further direct that my Co-Executors be allowed to serve in this capacity without bond or other security for the faithful performance of their duties as Co-Executors. I direct that my CoExecutors not be required to make an accounting to the Court. II I incorporate by reference as fully as if set out verbatim herein, all of the provisions and powers set forth in T.C.A. Section 35-50-110, which section enumerates the administrative powers that I hereby confer upon my Co-Executors. III I hereby direct my Co-Executors to pay all of my just debts, funeral expenses, taxes and other expenses, which shall be probated, registered and allowed against my estate as soon after my death as can be conveniently done. IV A) I hereby give, devise and bequeath all of my property, real, personal and mixed, and wheresoever situated, that I may own at the time of my death, to my sons, [Person-2], [Person-3] and [Person-4], in equal shares. B) I have attached a list of personal property and effects to my Last Will and Testament. I direct that each party honor my wishes, and that this said list be distributed accordingly. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereto signed, published and declared this instrument as my Last Will and Testament in Lauderdale County, Tennessee on this 17th day of September, 1997. We, the undersigned and subscribing witnesses, do hereby certify that we witnessed the foregoing Last Will and Testament of [Person-1], at her request, in her presence, and in the presence of each presence, and that she signed the same in our presence, and in the presence of each of us declaring the same to be her Last Will and Testament. This 17th day of September, 1997. 