I, [Person-1], domiciled in Lauderdale County, Tennesse do hereby make and publish this my Last Will and Testament, hereby revoking all wills and codicils heretofore made by me. ARTICLE 1. I direct my personal representative to first pay all of my just debts and funeral expenses out of any funds coming into their hands. ARTICLE 2. I give and bequeath to my son, [Person-2], the following property, to-wit: (1) Any automobile I own at my death; (2) All the property I have in the nature of profit sharing in the Tupperware Corporation of Halls, Tennessee; and (3) All the money I have in the Lauderdale County Bank of Halls, Tennessee. ARTICLE 3. All the rest. residue and remainder of the property which I may own at my death, real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible, of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated including all property which I may acquire or become entilted to after the execution of this Will I bequeath and devise to my husband, [Person-3], if he be living at my death, and if he is not living at my death, I bequeath and devise this property to my son [Person-2]. ARTICLE 4. I appoint my husband, [Person-3], to be Executor of this my Last Will and Testament and direct that no security be required of him as such. If my husband, [Person-3], be not living at my death, I appoint my son, [Person-2], to be Executor of this my Last Will and Testament and direct that no security be required of him as such. IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name to this my Last Will and Testament, consisting of this and one additional page, and for the purpose of identification I have signed the additional page all in the presence of the persons witnessing it at my request on this the 11 day of July 1985. The foregoing instrument, consisting of this and one preceeding typewritten page, was signed, sealed, published and declared by [Person-1], the testatrix, to be her Last Will and Testament, in our presence, and we, at her request and in her presence and in the presence of each othr have hereunto subscribed our name as witnesses on this the 11 day of July 1985. 